[integration] Reorganizing monitoring flags (#6002)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/Systems/MonitoringSystem/index.rst

The Monitoring system is used to monitor various components of DIRAC. Currently, we have several monitoring types:

>   - WMSHistory: for monitoring the DIRAC WorkloadManagementSystem.
>   - PilotsHistory: for monitoring of DIRAC pilots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - WMSHistory: for monitoring the history of jobs.
  - PilotsHistory: for monitoring the history of pilots.
```

The given periods above are also the default periods in the code.

Enable the Monitoring System
============================

In order to enable the monitoring of all the following types with an ElasticSearch-based backend, you should add the value `Monitoring` to the flag
`MonitoringBackends` in Operations/Default where the default values is `Accounting`.

This can be done either via the CS or directly in the web app in the Configuration Manager as following::

   Operations
   {
     Defaults
     {
       MonitoringBackends = Accounting, Monitoring
     }

>    }

Reviewer: Operations/<VO|Setup|Defaults>/MonitoringBackends = Accounting, Monitoring

WMSHistory & PilotsHistory Monitoring
=====================================

> When enabled, the WorkloadManagement/StatesAccountingAgent will collect information using the JobDB and the PilotAgentsDB and send it to the Elasticsearch database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WorkloadManagement/StatesAccountingAgent creates, every 15 minutes, a snapshot the contents of JobDB and  PilotAgentsDB and send it to an Elasticsearch (or OpenSearch) database.
```

> This same agent can also report the WMSHistory to the MySQL backend of the Accounting system (which is in fact the default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This same agent can also report the WMSHistory to the MySQL backend used by the Accounting system (which is in fact the default).
```

Now that I see this: the current use case of running in LHCb production is to use ONLY the ES backend for WMSHistory. Is this a case considered here?

Author: So we want to monitoring WMSHistory _only_ on ES? Because in that case we should rethink this flag system as it takes Accounting as default in all cases.

Monitoring of DIRAC Agents and Services
=======================================

When enabled, this will report the activity of DIRAC agents and services, including parameters such as CPU and Memory usage, but also cycle duration of
agents, or response time, queries and threads of the services.

RMS Monitoring
==============

This type is used to monitor behaviour pattern of requests executed by RequestManagementSystem inside DataManagementSystem/Agent/RequestOperations.

PilotSubmission Monitoring
==========================

This monitoring type reports statistics of the pilot submissions done by the SiteDirector, including parameters such as the total number of submissions and the succeded ones.

Data Operation Monitoring
=========================

This monitoring enables the reporting of information about the data operation such as the cumulative transfer size or the number of succeded and failed transfers.

Accessing the Monitoring information
=====================================

After you installed and configured the Monitoring system, you can use the Monitoring web application for the types WMSHistory, PilotSubmission and DataOperation.

> However, every type can directly be monitored in the Kibana dashboards of the ElasticSearch instance. These can be found and imported from DIRAC.

Reviewer: Can you expand on this?

Author: Yes, I will also link to the dashboards that are in the making in https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRAC/pull/6021

     }
   }

Monitoring of DIRAC Agents and Services
=======================================

When enabled, this will report the activity of DIRAC agents and services, including parameters such as CPU and Memory usage, but also cycle duration of
agents, or response time, queries and threads of the services.

RMS Monitoring
==============

This type is used to monitor behaviour pattern of requests executed by RequestManagementSystem inside DataManagementSystem/Agent/RequestOperations.

PilotSubmission Monitoring
==========================

This monitoring type reports statistics of the pilot submissions done by the SiteDirector, including parameters such as the total number of submissions and the succeded ones.

Data Operation Monitoring
=========================

This monitoring enables the reporting of information about the data operation such as the cumulative transfer size or the number of succeded and failed transfers.

Accessing the Monitoring information
=====================================

> After you installed and configured the Monitoring system, you can use the Monitoring web application for the types WMSHistory, PilotSubmission and DataOperation.

Author: No, PilotsHistory is not present in the web application plotter

However, every type can directly be monitored in Kibana dashboards that can be imported into your Elasticsearch (or OpenSearch) instance. You can find and import these dashboards from DIRAC/dashboards as per the following example.

*Kibana dashboard for WMSHistory*
  A dashboard for WMSHistory monitoring ``WMSDashboard`` is available `here <https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRAC/tree/integration/dashboards/WMSDashboard>`__ for import as a NDJSON (as support for JSON is being removed in the latest versions of Kibana).

>   The dashboard is not compatible with older versions of ElasticSearch (such as ES6).

Author: True, will remove that part
